c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\DmirProject.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\DmirProject.pdb
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\obj\Debug\DmirProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\obj\Debug\DmirProject.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\obj\Debug\DmirProject.pdb
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\kup\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\KuP\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DmirProject\DmirProject\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
